Consolidating generators docs and fixing misc issues. (#176)
aerleon/aerleon: docs/reference/generators.md

# Generator Reference

## Common

This lists contains all the common keys that are used across all generators (with a few highlighted exceptions).

### Term Format

> * _action_: The action to take when matched. See Actions section for valid options.
> * _comment_: A text comment enclosed in double-quotes.  The comment can extend over multiple lines if desired, until a closing quote is encountered.
> * _destination-address_: One or more destination address tokens
> * _destination-port_: One or more service definition tokens
> * _expiration_: Stop rendering this term after specified date in YYYY-MM-DD format. E.g. 2000-12-31

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* _action_: The action to take when matched. See the Actions section for each generator for valid options.
* _comment_: A text comment enclosed in double-quotes. The comment can extend over multiple lines if desired, until a closing quote is encountered.
* _destination-address_: One or more destination address tokens.
* _destination-port_: One or more service definition tokens.
* _expiration_: Stop rendering this term after specified date in YYYY-MM-DD format. E.g. 2000-12-31.
```

            'source_address_exclude',
            #'source_port',
            'translated',  # obj attribute, not token
            #'verbatim', -> too many exceptions
-->

## Arista Traffic-Policy

### Header Format

The arista_tp header designation has the following format:

```yaml
targets:
    arista_tp: [filter name] {inet|inet6|mixed}
```

* _inet_: specifies that the resulting filter should only render IPv4 addresses.
* _inet6_: specifies the output be for IPv6 only filters.
* _mixed_: specifies output will include both IPv6 and IPv4 filters. (default)

### Filter types

Traffic-policies are dual-address-family by default (i.e.: mixed). A term may be either of type ipv4 or ipv6. If the filter type is defined as mixed (the default), then match/action statements for each address family will be generated.

If the operator wishes to create an ipv4 or ipv6 only filter, the inet and inet6 tokens within the header will be honored and only addresses from the respective address family will be rendered. However, EOS will still, by default, create an 'ipvX-default-all' term for the alternate address family. (see below)

### Term Format

The following tokens are supported:

> * for common keys see [common.md](common.md)

Reviewer: Should this just reference the top of the page? E.g.

```suggestion
* For common keys see the [common](#common) section above.
```

Reviewer: This phrase appears many times and can be copy-pasted.

targets:
    srx: from-zone [zone name] to-zone [zone name] {inet}
```

* _from-zone_: static keyword, followed by user specified zone
* _to-zone_: static keyword, followed by user specified zone
* _inet_: Address family (only IPv4 tested at this time)

### Term Format

* for common keys see the [common](#common) section above.

* _destination-exclude_: Exclude one or more address tokens from the specified destination-address
* _destination-zone_: one or more destination zones tokens. Only supported by global policy
* _dscp_except_: Do not match the DSCP number.
* _dscp_match_: Match a DSCP number.
* _dscp_set_: Match a DSCP set.
* _logging_: Specify that these packets should be logged.
  * Based on the input value the resulting logging actions will follow this logic:
    * _action_ is 'accept':
      * _logging_ is 'true': resulting SRX output will be 'log { session-close; }'
      * _logging_ is 'log-both': resulting SRX output will be 'log { session-init; session-close; }'
    * _action_ is 'deny':
      * _logging_ is 'true': resulting SRX output will be 'log { session-init; }'
      * _logging_ is 'log-both': resulting SRX output will be 'log { session-init; session-close; }'

>     * See [here](https://kb.juniper.net/InfoCenter/index?page=content&id=KB16506) for explanation.

Reviewer: Four spaces required for mkdocs

* _rst_: Match on RST flag being present.
* _syn_: Match on SYN flag being present.
* _tcp-established_: Only match established tcp connections, based on statefull match or TCP flags. Not supported for other protocols.
* _urg_: Match on URG flag being present.

***

## PaloAltoFW

### Header Format

The paloalto header designation has the following format:

```yaml
targets:
    paloalto: from-zone [zone name] to-zone [zone name] [address family] [address objects]
```

* _from-zone_: static keyword, followed by the source zone
* _to-zone_: static keyword, followed by the destination zone
* _address family_: specifies the address family for the resulting filter
  * _inet_: the filter should only render IPv4 addresses (default)
  * _inet6_: the filter should only render IPv6 addresses
  * _mixed_: the filter should render IPv4 and IPv6 addresses
* _address objects_: specifies whether custom address objects or network/mask definitions are used in security policy source and destination fields
  * _addr-obj_: specifies address groups are used in the security policy
      source and destination fields (default)
  * _no-addr-obj_: specifies network/mask definitions are used in the

>        security policy source and destination fields

Reviewer: Four spaces

### Term Format

* for common keys see the [common](#common) section above.

* _logging_: Specify that this packet should be logged via syslog.
* _owner_: Owner of the term, used for organizational purposes.
* _timeout_: specify application timeout. (default 60)

### Sub Tokens

### Actions

* _accept_
* _count_
* _deny_
* _log_
* _reject_

### Terms Section

### Optionally Supported Keywords

* _pan-application_:: paloalto target only.
    Specify applications for the security policy which can be predefined
    applications (<https://applipedia.paloaltonetworks.com/>)
    and custom application objects.

  * _Security Policy Service Setting_

    * When no _protocol_ is specified in the term, the service will be _application-default_.
    * When _protocol_ is tcp or udp, and no _source-port_ or _destination-port_ is specified, the service will be custom service objects for the protocols and all ports (0-65535).
    * When _protocol_ is tcp or udp, and a _source-port_ or _destination-port_ is specified, the service will be custom service objects for the protocols and ports.

>     * _pan-application_ can only be used when no _protocol_ is specified in the term, or the protocols tcp and udp.

Reviewer: Not sure whether this was intended to be indented in the first place, but it needs to be four spaces if we want it indented
